Note on valid Snowflake range (#3745)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Reference.md

## Snowflakes

> Discord utilizes Twitter's [snowflake](https://github.com/twitter/snowflake/tree/snowflake-2010) format for uniquely identifiable descriptors (IDs). These IDs are guaranteed to be unique across all of Discord, except in some unique scenarios in which child objects share their parent's ID. Because Snowflake IDs are up to 64 bits in size (e.g. a uint64), they are always returned as strings in the HTTP API to prevent integer overflows in some languages. See [Gateway ETF/JSON](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/etfjson) for more information regarding Gateway encoding. Note that Discords only accepts and returns snowflakes in the range from `0` to `9223372036854775807` (both inclusive), these are all values a 63 bit unsigned integer could hold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord utilizes Twitter's [snowflake](https://github.com/twitter/snowflake/tree/snowflake-2010) format for uniquely identifiable descriptors (IDs). These IDs are guaranteed to be unique across all of Discord, except in some unique scenarios in which child objects share their parent's ID. Because Snowflake IDs are up to 64 bits in size, they are always returned as strings in the HTTP API to prevent integer overflows in some languages. See [Gateway ETF/JSON](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/etfjson) for more information regarding Gateway encoding. Currently the largest snowflake Discord will accept is `9223372036854775807` but this may change in the future.
```

Reviewer: The earlier reference to "uint64" should be removed. Referencing "63 bits" is just confusing and not necessary, and clashes with earlier wording.

Author: I think it should also include `0` as the smallest.
```suggestion
Discord utilizes Twitter's [snowflake](https://github.com/twitter/snowflake/tree/snowflake-2010) format for uniquely identifiable descriptors (IDs). These IDs are guaranteed to be unique across all of Discord, except in some unique scenarios in which child objects share their parent's ID. Because Snowflake IDs are up to 64 bits in size (e.g. a uint64), they are always returned as strings in the HTTP API to prevent integer overflows in some languages. See [Gateway ETF/JSON](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/etfjson) for more information regarding Gateway encoding. Currently the smallest snowflake Discord will accept is `0` and the largest is `9223372036854775807` but this may change in the future.
```
